This software and associated documentation is copyright 1995, 1996, 1997,
1998, 1999, 2000, and 2001 Peter Seebach, and may be distributed as noted
below.

This software is distributed `as is', free of charge.  No warranty of
suitability or reliability is offered; use this at your own risk.  The
author of this code assumes NO RESPONSIBILITY for any damages, direct or
incidental, resulting from the use of this software.

This software may be distributed under the terms of the "Berkeley License",
or the Artistic License , at your option. It may not be distributed under
other terms or licenses without prior written agreement with the author.
Please read the associated files in the subdirectory "LICENSES" for
licensing information.  and remember, you may choose *either* of these
licenses.  (You are also welcome to try to distribute it under all of them,
but this may prove more difficult.) Other distribution terms may be
available by explicit request; mail me for details.

This software is no longer available under the GPL.  I am not comfortable
with a "free" license which so strenuously requires that every program
it touches must distribute a political screed.  (Note, for instance, that if
you don't like this, you're welcome to distribute my code without this
comment, which stays clearly *OUT* of the actual license text.)  One of
the things which influenced this decision was an FSF person telling me that,
if I release code under some other license, and I don't tell people that
they aren't allowed to link my code with GPL'd code, that as soon as someone
does link my code with GPL'd code, I am *REQUIRED* to make my code available
under the GPL.  I believe this to be somewhere on the fine line between
morally reprehensible and simply insane; in either event, it's not happening.

This is mine.  Use it however you want, with or without credit, as long as you
never say you wrote it.

Questions?  Comments?  Problems?  Write seebs@plethora.net, or
seebs@pobox.com.

My web page is http://www.plethora.net/~seebs/, and may have newer versions
or FAQs at some time in the future.
