
Define smbd configuration parameters list.

* Supported [global] level parameters list:
	- server string (default: SMBD)
		This controls what string will show up in browse lists next
		to the machine name
	- workgroup (default : WORKGROUP)
		This controls what workgroup your server will appear to be
		in when queried by clients
	- netbios name (default : SMBD SERVER)
		This sets the NetBIOS name by which a SMB server is known.
		By default it is the same as the first component of the host's
		DNS name. If a machine is a browse server or logon server this
		name (or the first component of the hosts DNS name) will be
		the name that these services are advertised under.
	- server min protocol (default: SMB2_10)
		This setting controls the minimum protocol version that the
		server will allow the client to use.
	- server max protocol (default: SMB3_11)
		The value of the parameter (a string) is the highest protocol
		level that will be supported by the server.
	- server signing (default: disabled)
		This controls whether the client is allowed or required to use
		SMB1 and SMB2 signing. Possible values are auto,
		mandatory and disabled.
	- guest account (default: nobody)
		This is a username which will be used for access to services
		which are specified as guest ok.
	- max active sessions (default: 1024)
		This option allows the number of simultaneous connections to
		a service to be limited.
	- ipc timeout (default: 0)
		This option specifies the number of seconds server will wait
		for the userspace to reply to heartbeat frames. If user space
		is down for more than `ipc timeout` seconds the server will
		reset itself - close all sessions and all TCP connections.
	- restrict anonymous (default: 0)
		The setting of this parameter determines whether user and
		group list information is returned for an anonymous connection.
	- map to guest (default: never)
		This parameter can take four different values, which tell smbd
		what to do with user login requests.(never, bad user,
		bad password, bad uid)
	- bind interfaces only (default: no)
		This global parameter allows the smbd admin to limit what
		interfaces on a machine will serve SMB requests.
	- interfaces (default: none)
		This option allows you to override the default network
		interfaces list that smbd will use for browsing. The option
		takes only list of interface name.
	- deadtime (default: 0)
		The value of the parameter (a decimal integer) represents
		the number of minutes of inactivity before a connection is
		considered dead, and it is disconnected. The deadtime only
		takes effect if the number of open files is zero.
	- root directory (default: none)
		Sets up a root (base) directory for all shares. In some
		sense it's equal to chroot(). When this option set all shares'
		paths become relative to root directory, IOW the file name
		lookup resolves '/root directory/share path/file path' path.
	- max open files (default: 10000)
		This parameter limits the maximum number of open files that
		one ksmbd file serving process may have open for a client
		at any one time.
	- tcp port (default: 445)
		Specifies which ports the server should listen on for SMB
		traffic.
	- smb2 max read (default: 4MB)
		This option specifies the protocol value that ksmbd will
		return to a client, informing the client of the largest size
		that may be returned by a single SMB2 read call.
	- smb2 max write (default: 4MB)
		This option specifies the protocol value that ksmbd will
		return to a client, informing the client of the largest size
		that may be sent to the server by a single SMB2 write call.
	- smb2 max trans (default: 1MB)
		This option specifies the protocol value that ksmbd will
		return to a client, informing the client of the largest size
		of buffer that may be used in querying file meta-data
		via QUERY_INFO and related SMB2 calls.
	- smb3 encryption (default: no)
		This parameter controls whether a remote client is allowed or
		required to use SMB encryption.
	- smb2 leases (default: no)
		This boolean option tells ksmbd whether to globally negotiate
		SMB2 leases on file open requests. Leasing is an SMB2-only
		feature which allows clients to aggressively cache files
		locally.
	- cache read buffers (default: yes)
	- cache trans buffers (default: yes)
		This parameter allows ksmbd use buffer cache(pool) to avoid huge
		alloc/dealloc pressure from read and trans response buffer.

* Supported [share] level parameters list:
	- comment (default: none)
		comment string to associate with the new share
	- path (default: none)
		This parameter specifies a directory to which the user of the
		service is to be given access.
	- guest ok (default: no)
		If this parameter is yes for a service, then no password is
		required to connect to the service.
	- read only (default: yes)
		If this parameter is yes, then users of a service may not
		create or modify files in the service's directory.
	- browseable (default: yes)
		This controls whether this share is seen in the list of
		available shares in a net view and in the browse list.
	- write ok  (default: no)
	- writeable (default: no)
		Inverted synonym for read only.
	- store dos attributes (default: no)
		If this parameter is set smbd attempts to first read DOS
		attributes (SYSTEM, HIDDEN, ARCHIVE or READ-ONLY) from a
		filesystem extended attribute, before mapping DOS attributes
		to UNIX permission bits (such as occurs with map hidden and
		map readonly).
	- oplocks (default: no)
		This boolean option tells smbd whether to issue oplocks
		(opportunistic locks) to file open requests on this share.
	- create mask (default: 0744)
		When a file is created, the necessary permissions are calculated
		according to the mapping from DOS modes to UNIX permissions, and
		the resulting UNIX mode is then bit-wise 'AND'ed with this
		parameter.
	- directory mask (default: 0755)
		This parameter is the octal modes which are used when converting
		DOS modes to UNIX modes when creating UNIX directories.
	- force group (default: 0)
		This specifies a UNIX group name that will be assigned as
		the default primary group for all users connecting to this
		service.
	- force user (default: 0)
		This specifies a UNIX user name that will be assigned as
		the default user for all users connecting to this service.
	- hide dot files (default: yes)
		This is a boolean parameter that controls whether files starting
		with a dot appear as hidden files.
	- hosts allow (default: none)
		This parameter is a comma, space, or tab delimited set of hosts
		which are permitted to access a service
	- hosts deny (default: none)
		The opposite of allow hosts - hosts listed here are NOT
		permitted access to services unless the specific services have
		their own lists to override this one. Where the lists conflict,
		the allow list takes precedence.
	- valid users (default: none)
		This is a list of users that should be allowed to login to this
		service.
	- invalid users (default: none)
		This is a list of users that should not be allowed to login to
		this service.
	- read list (default: none)
		This is a list of users that are given read-only access to
		a service.
	- write list (default: none)
		This is a list of users that are given read-write access to
		a service.
	- max connections (default: 0)
		This option allows the number of simultaneous connections to
		a service to be limited.
	- veto files (default: none)
		This is a list of files and directories that are neither visible
		nor accessible.

		Veto any files containing the word Security,
		any ending in .tmp, and any directory containing the
		word root.
		veto files = /*Security*/*.tmp/*root*/

		Veto the Apple specific files that a NetAtalk server
		creates.
		veto files = /.AppleDouble/.bin/.AppleDesktop/Network Trash Folder/
	- inherit owner (default: no)
		The ownership for new files and directories should be controlled
		by the ownership of the parent directory.
		Valid options are yes or no.
	- inherit smack (default: no)
		This parameter can be used to ensure that if smack label exist
		on parent directories.
		Valid options are yes or no.
	- force create mode (default: 0)
		This parameter specifies a set of UNIX mode bit permissions
		that will always be set on a file created by smbd.
	- force directory mode (default: 0)
		This parameter specifies a set of UNIX mode bit permissions
		that will always be set on a directory created by smbd.
	- streams (default: no)
		Alternate Data Streams support.
